## Master Subscription Agreement

This master subscription agreement governs customer acquisition and use of ues.io services. capitalized terms have the definitions set forth herein. If a customer registers for a free trial of ues.io services or for free services, the applicable provisions of this agreement will also govern that free trial or those free services. by accepting this agreement, by (1) clicking a box indicating acceptance, (2) executing an order form that references this agreement, or (3) using free services, the customer agrees to the terms of this agreement. If the individual accepting this agreement is accepting on behalf of a company or other legal entity, such individual represents that they have the authority to bind such entity and its affiliates to these terms and conditions, in which case the term “customer” shall refer to such entity and its affiliates. If the individual accepting this agreement does not have such authority, or does not agree with these terms and conditions, such individual must not accept this agreement and may not use the services.

This Agreement is effective between Customer and ues.io as of the date of Customer’s accepting this Agreement (the “Effective Date”).

**DEFINITIONS**
“**Affiliate**” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity.

“**Control**,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.

“**Agreement**” means this Master Subscription Agreement.

“**Beta Services**” means ues.io services or functionality that may be made available to Customer to try at its option at no additional charge which is clearly designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description.

“**Content**” means information obtained by ues.io from publicly available sources or its third-party content providers and made available to Customer through the Services, Beta Services or pursuant to an Order Form, as more fully described in the Documentation.

“**Customer**” means in the case of an individual accepting this Agreement on his or her own behalf, such individual, or in the case of an individual accepting this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, the company or other legal entity for which such individual is accepting this Agreement, and Affiliates of that company or entity (for so long as they remain Affiliates) which have entered into Order Forms.

“**Customer Data**” means electronic data and information submitted by or for Customer to the Services, excluding Content and Non-ues.io Applications.

“**Free Services**” means Services that ues.io makes available to Customer free of charge. Free Services exclude Services offered as a free trial and Purchased Services.

“**Malicious Code**” means code, files, scripts, agents or programs intended to do harm, including, for example, viruses, worms, time bombs and Trojan horses.

“**Bundle Store or App Marketplace**” means an online directory, catalogue or bundles of applications that interoperate with the Services, including, for example, the Bundle Store at http://www.ues.io/bundlestore or [https://studio.ues.io/app/uesio/”app](https://studio.ues.io/app/uesio/”app) name” /workspace/”workspace name”/bundlestore.

“**Non-ues.io Application**” means a Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party and/or listed on the Bundle Store or under similar designation. Non-ues.io Applications, other than those obtained or provided by Customer, will be identifiable as such.

“**Order Form**” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and ues.io or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.

“**Purchased Services**” means Services that Customer or Customer’s Affiliate purchases under an Order Form or online purchasing portal, as distinguished from Free Services or those provided pursuant to a free trial.

“**Services**” means the products and services that are ordered by Customer under an Order Form or online purchasing portal, or provided to Customer free of charge (as applicable) or under a free trial, and made available online by ues.io, including associated ues.io offline or mobile components, as described in the Documentation. “Services” exclude Content and Non-ues.io applications.

“**ues.io**” means the ues.io platform produced and owned by UESIO GmbH described in the \"Contracting Entity, Notices, Governing Law, and Venue” section below.

“**User**” means, in the case of an individual accepting these terms on his or her own behalf, such individual, or, in the case of an individual accepting this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, an individual who is authorized by Customer to use a Service, for whom Customer has purchased a subscription (or in the case of any Services provided by ues.io without charge, for whom a Service has been provisioned), and to whom Customer (or, when applicable, ues.io at Customer’s request) has supplied a user identification and password (for Services utilizing authentication). Users may include, for example, employees, consultants, contractors and agents of Customer, and third parties with which Customer transacts business.
“**Third-Party Applications**” means online, Web-based applications and offline software products that are provided by third Parties and are identified as third-party applications, including but not limited to those listed on the Bundle Store.

**1. ues.io RESPONSIBILITIES**
**1.1 Provision of Purchased Services.**
ues.io will (a) make the Services and Content available to Customer pursuant to this Agreement, and the applicable Order Forms and Documentation, (b) provide applicable ues.io standard support for the Purchased Services to Customer at no additional charge, and/or upgraded support if purchased, (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Purchased Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for - (i) planned downtime (of which ues.io shall give advance electronic notice), and (ii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond ues.io’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving ues.io employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, infrastructure failure caused by the infrastructure provider, Non-ues.io application, or denial of service attack, and (d) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to ues.io’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with this Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form.

**1.2 Protection of Customer Data.**
ues.io will maintain appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of Customer Data, as described in the Documentation. Those safeguards will include, but will not be limited to, measures designed to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of Customer Data (other than by Customer or Users). To the extent Personal Data from the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, the United States of America and Switzerland are processed by ues.io, its Processor Binding Corporate Rules, the EU-US and/or Swiss-US Privacy Shield, and/or the Standard Contractual Clauses shall apply, as further set forth in the DPA. For the purposes of the Standard Contractual Clauses, Customer and its applicable Affiliates are each the data exporter, and Customer's acceptance of this Agreement, and an applicable Affiliate's execution of an Order Form, shall be treated as its execution of the Standard Contractual Clauses and Appendices. Upon request by Customer made within 30 days after the effective date of termination or expiration of this Agreement, ues.io will make Customer Data available to Customer for export or download as provided in the Documentation. After such 30-day period, ues.io will have no obligation to maintain or provide any Customer Data, and as provided in the Documentation will thereafter delete or destroy all copies of Customer Data in its systems or otherwise in its possession or control, unless legally prohibited.

**1.4 Beta Services.**
From time to time, ues.io may make Beta Services available to Customer at no charge. Customer may choose to try such Beta Services or not in its sole discretion. Any use of Beta Services will be at the sole risk of Customer.

**1.5 Free Services.**
ues.io may make Free Services available to Customer. Use of Free Services is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between this section and any other portion of this Agreement, this section shall control. Free Services are provided to Customer without charge up to certain limits as described in the Documentation. Usage over these limits requires Customer’s purchase of additional resources or services. Customer agrees that ues.io, in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate Customer’s access to the Free Services or any part thereof. Customer agrees that any termination of Customer’s access to the Free Services may be without prior notice and Customer agrees that ues.io will not be liable to Customer or any third party for such termination. Customer is solely responsible for exporting Customer Data from the Free Services prior to termination of Customer’s access to the Free Services for any reason, provided that if ues.io terminates Customer’s account, except as required by law ues.io will provide Customer a reasonable opportunity to retrieve its Customer Data.

Notwithstanding the “representations, warranties, exclusive remedies and disclaimers” section and “indemnification by ues.io” section below, the free services are provided “as-is” without any warranty and ues.io shall have no indemnification obligations nor liability of any type with respect to the free services unless such exclusion of liability is not enforceable under applicable law in which case ues.io’s liability with respect to the free services shall not exceed $1,000.00. without limiting the foregoing, ues.io and its affiliates and its licensors do not represent or warrant to Customer that - (a) Customer’s use of the free services will meet Customer’s requirements, (b) Customer’s use of the free services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error, and (c) usage data provided through the free services will be accurate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the “limitation of liability” section below, Customer shall be fully liable under this agreement to ues.io and its affiliates for any damages arising out of Customer’s use of the free services, any breach by Customer of this agreement and any of Customer’s indemnification obligations hereunder.

**2. USE OF SERVICES AND CONTENT**
**2.1 Subscriptions.**
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Order Form or Documentation, (a) Purchased Services and access to Content are purchased as subscriptions for the term stated in the applicable Order Form or in the applicable online purchasing portal, (b) subscriptions for Purchased Services may be added during a subscription term at the same pricing as the underlying subscription pricing, prorated for the portion of that subscription term remaining at the time the subscriptions are added, and (c) any added subscriptions will terminate on the same date as the underlying subscriptions. Customer agrees that its purchases are not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features, or dependent on any oral or written public comments made by ues.io or any employed or contracted personnel either in their private or business appointed capacity regarding future functionality or features.

**2.2 Usage Fees.**
Services and Content are subject to usage fees determined by the number of transaction calls to the ues.io system/s. The rate of the fees is calculated according to the fee structure advertised on the ues.io Fees and Usage Costs website available here https://www.ues.io/pricing and may be adjusted from time to time at the sole discretion of ues.io. The Customer may set a limit to these fees and once such limit has been reached then access to ues.io will be terminated until such limit has been raised by the Customer.

**2.3 Bundle Store or App Marketplace.**
The Bundle Store may host applications or parts thereof built by third-party developers or ues.io for either free or paid consumption. ues.io does not accept any responsibility or liability whatsoever for the use and or distribution of such applications but will provide integrity and security checks of such applications before their said listing on the Bundle Store.

**2.4 Access Limits.**
The Services may not be accessed for purposes of monitoring their availability, performance or functionality, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes. ues.io’s direct competitors are prohibited from accessing the Services, except with ues.io’s prior written consent.

**3. Customer Responsibilities.**
**3.1 Users**
Customer will (a) be responsible for Users’ compliance with this Agreement, Documentation and Order Forms, (b) be responsible for the accuracy, quality and legality of Customer Data, the means by which Customer acquired Customer Data, Customer’s use of Customer Data with the Services, and the interoperation of any non-ues.io Applications with which Customer uses Services or Content, (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of Services and Content, and notify ues.io promptly of any such unauthorized access or use, (d) use Services and Content only in accordance with this Agreement and Documentation, Order Forms and applicable laws and government regulations, and (e) comply with terms of service of any non-ues.io Applications with which Customer uses Services or Content. Any use of the Services in breach of the foregoing by Customer or Users that in ues.io’s judgment threatens the security, integrity or availability of ues.io’s services, may result in ues.io’s immediate suspension of the Services, however ues.io will use commercially reasonable efforts under the circumstances to provide Customer with notice and an opportunity to remedy such violation or threat prior to any such suspension.

**3.2 Usage Restrictions.**
Customer will not (a) make any Service or Content available to anyone other than Customer or Users, or use any Service or Content for the benefit of anyone other than Customer or its Affiliates, unless expressly stated otherwise in an Order Form or the Documentation, (b) sell, resell, license, sublicense, distribute, make available, rent or lease any Service or Content, or include any Service or Content in a service bureau or outsourcing offering, (c) use a Service or Non-ues.io Application to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party privacy rights, (d) use a Service or non-ues.io Application to store or transmit Malicious Code, (e) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of any Service or third-party data contained therein, (f) attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Service or Content or its related systems or networks, (g) permit direct or indirect access to or use of any Services or Content in a way that circumvents a contractual usage limit, or use any Services to access or use any of ues.io intellectual property except as permitted under this Agreement, an Order Form, or the Documentation, (h) modify, copy, or create derivative works based on a Service or any part, feature, function or user interface thereof, (i) copy Content except as permitted herein or in an Order Form or the Documentation, (j) frame or mirror any part of any Service or Content, other than framing on Customer's own intranets or otherwise for its own internal business purposes or as permitted in the Documentation, (k) except to the extent permitted by applicable law, disassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile a Service or Content or access it to (1) build a competitive product or service, (2) build a product or service using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service, (3) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Service, or (4) determine whether the Services are within the scope of any patent.

**3.3 Removal of Content and Non-ues.io Applications.**
If Customer receives notice that Content or a non-ues.io Application must be removed, modified and/or disabled to avoid violating applicable law, third-party rights, or the Acceptable Use and External Facing Services Policy, Customer will promptly do so. If Customer does not take required action in accordance with the above, or if in ues.io’s judgment continued violation is likely to reoccur, ues.io may disable the applicable Content, Service and/or non-ues.io Application. If requested by ues.io, Customer shall confirm such deletion and discontinuance of use in writing and ues.io shall be authorized to provide a copy of such confirmation to any such third-party claimant or governmental authority, as applicable. In addition, if ues.io is required by any third-party rights holder to remove Content, or receives information that Content provided to Customer may violate applicable law or third-party rights, ues.io may discontinue Customer’s access to Content through the Services.

**4. NON-ues.io PRODUCTS AND SERVICES**
**4.1 Non-ues.io Products and Services.**
ues.io or third parties may make available (for example, through a Marketplace or otherwise) third-party products or services, including, for example, non-ues.io Applications and implementation and other consulting services. Any acquisition by Customer of such products or services, and any exchange of data between Customer and any Non-ues.io provider, product or service is solely between Customer and the applicable non-ues.io provider. ues.io does not warrant or support non-ues.io Applications or other non-ues.io products or services, whether or not they are designated by ues.io as “certified” or otherwise, unless expressly provided otherwise in an Order Form. ues.io is not responsible for any disclosure, modification or deletion of Customer Data resulting from access by such Non-ues.io Application or its provider.

**4.2 Integration with Non-ues.io Applications.**
The Services may contain features designed to interoperate with Non-ues.io Applications. ues.io cannot guarantee the continued availability of such Service features and may cease providing them without entitling Customer to any refund, credit, or other compensation, if for example and without limitation, the provider of a non-ues.io Application ceases to make the non-ues.io Application available for interoperation with the corresponding Service features in a manner acceptable to ues.io.

**5. FEES AND PAYMENT**

**5.1 Fees.**
Customer will pay all fees specified in Order Forms. Except as otherwise specified herein or in an Order Form, (i) fees are based on Services and Content subscriptions purchased as well as actual additional usage, (ii) payment obligations are non- cancellable and fees paid are non-refundable, and (iii) quantities purchased cannot be decreased during the relevant subscription term.

**5.2 Invoicing and Payment.**
Customer will provide ues.io with valid and updated credit card information, or with a valid purchase order or alternative document reasonably acceptable to ues.io. If Customer provides credit card information to ues.io, Customer authorizes ues.io to charge such credit card for all Purchased Services listed in the Order Form for the initial subscription term and any renewal subscription term(s) as set forth in the “Term of Purchased Subscriptions” section below. Such charges shall be made in advance, either annually or in accordance with any different billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. If the Order Form specifies that payment will be by a method other than a credit card, ues.io will invoice Customer in advance and otherwise in accordance with the relevant Order Form. Unless otherwise stated in the Order Form, invoiced fees are due nett 30 days from the invoice date. Customer is responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to ues.io and notifying ues.io of any changes to such information.

**5.3 Electronic Invoicing.**
The invoice will be issued in electronic format as defined in article 1, paragraph 916, of Law no. 205 of December 27, 2017, which introduced the obligation of electronic invoicing, starting from January 1, 2019, for the sale of goods and services performed between residents, established or identified in the territory of the Italian State. To facilitate such electronic invoicing, Customer shall provide to ues.io at least the following information in writing - Customer full registered company name, registered office address, VAT number, tax/fiscal code and any additional code and/or relevant information required under applicable law. In any event, the parties shall cooperate diligently to enable such electronic invoicing process. Any error due to the provision by Customer of incorrect or insufficient invoicing information preventing (a) ues.io to successfully submit the electronic invoice to the SDI or (b) the SDI to duly and effectively process such invoice or (c) which, in any event, requires ues.io to issue an invoice again, shall not result in an extension of the payment term set out in the “Invoicing and Payment” section above, and such term shall still be calculated from the date of the original invoice. ues.io reserves the right to provide any invoice copy in electronic form via email in addition to the electronic invoicing described herein.

**5.4 Split Payment.**
If subject to the “split payment” regime, Customer shall be exclusively responsible for payment of any VAT amount due, provided that Customer shall confirm to ues.io the applicability of such regime and, if applicable, Customer shall provide proof of such VAT payment to ues.io and, if applicable, Customer shall provide proof of such VAT payment to ues.io.

**5.5 Overdue Charges.**
Subject to the “Payment Disputes” section below, if any invoiced amount is not received by ues.io by the due date, then without limiting ues.io’s rights or remedies, those charges, without the need for notice of default, may accrue late interest at the rate of 1.5% of the outstanding balance per month, or the maximum rate permitted by law (Legislative Decree no. 231/2002), whichever is lower and/or (b) ues.io may condition future subscription renewals and Order Forms on payment terms shorter than those specified in the “Invoicing and Payment” section above.

**5.6 Suspension of Service.**
Subject to the “Payment Disputes” section below, if any charge owing by Customer under this or any other agreement for services is 7 days or more overdue, (or 10 or more days overdue in the case of amounts Customer has authorized ues.io to charge to Customer’s credit card), ues.io may, without limiting its other rights and remedies, suspend Services until such amounts are paid in full, provided that, other than for customers paying by credit card or direct debit whose payment has been declined, ues.io will give Customer at least 10 days’ prior notice that its account is overdue, in accordance with the “Manner of Giving Notice” section below for billing notices, before suspending services to Customer.

**5.7 Payment Disputes.**
ues.io will not exercise its rights under the “Overdue Charges” or “Suspension of Service and Acceleration” section above if Customer is disputing the applicable charges reasonably and in good faith and is cooperating diligently to resolve the dispute.

**5.8 Taxes.**
ues.io's fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, accessible by any jurisdiction whatsoever (collectively, “Taxes”). Customer is responsible for paying all Taxes associated with its purchases hereunder. If ues.io has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which Customer is responsible under this section, ues.io will invoice Customer and Customer will pay that amount unless Customer provides ues.io with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, ues.io is solely responsible for taxes assessable against it based on its income, property and employees.

**5.9 Bundle Store/App Marketplace Fees**
ues.io will charge fees based on a 30 percent commission, that may change at ues.io’s discretion and redefined from time to time by ues.io, for the sale or rental of applications placed in the Bundle Store/App Marketplace for consumption by and 3rd parties.

**6. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND LICENSES**

**6.1 Reservation of Rights.**
Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, ues.io, its Affiliates, its licensors and Content Providers reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services and Content, including all of their related intellectual property rights. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.

**6.2 Access to and Use of Content.**
Customer has the right to access and use applicable Content subject to the terms of applicable Order Forms, this Agreement and the Documentation.

**6.3 License by Customer to ues.io.**
Customer grants ues.io, its Affiliates and applicable contractors a worldwide, limited-term license to host, copy, use, transmit, and display any non-ues.io Applications and program code created by or for Customer using a Service or for use by Customer with the Services, and Customer Data, each as appropriate for ues.io to provide and ensure proper operation of the Services and associated systems in accordance with this Agreement. If Customer chooses to use a non-ues.io Application with a Service, Customer grants ues.io permission to allow the non-ues.io Application and its provider to access Customer Data and information about Customer’s usage of the non-ues.io Application as appropriate for the interoperation of that non-ues.io Application with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, ues.io acquires no right, title or interest from Customer or its licensors under this Agreement in or to any Customer Data, non-ues.io Application or such program code.

**6.4 License by Customer to Use Feedback.**
Customer grants to ues.io and its Affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use and incorporate into its services any suggestion, enhancement request, recommendation, correction or other feedback provided by Customer or Users relating to the operation of ues.io’s or its Affiliates’ services.

**7. CONFIDENTIALITY**

**7.1 Definition of Confidential Information.**
“Confidential Information” means all information disclosed by a party (“Disclosing Party”) to the other party (“Receiving Party”), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure. Confidential Information of Customer includes Customer Data; Confidential Information of ues.io includes the Services and Content, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all Order Forms (including pricing). Confidential Information of each party includes business and marketing plans, technology and technical information, product plans and designs, and business processes disclosed by such party. However, Confidential Information does not include any information that (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by the Receiving Party. For the avoidance of doubt, the non-disclosure obligations set forth in this “Confidentiality” section apply to Confidential Information exchanged between the parties in connection with the evaluation of additional ues.io services.

**7.2 Protection of Confidential Information.**
As between the parties, each party retains all ownership rights in and to its Confidential Information. The Receiving Party will use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information of like kind (but not less than reasonable care) to (i) not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement and (ii) except as otherwise authorized by the Disclosing Party in writing, limit access to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to those of its and its Affiliates’ employees and contractors who need that access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality agreements with the Receiving Party containing protections not materially less protective of the Confidential Information than those herein. Neither party will disclose the terms of this Agreement or any Order Form to any third party other than its Affiliates, legal counsel and accountants without the other party’s prior written consent, provided that a party that makes any such disclosure to its Affiliate, legal counsel or accountants will remain responsible for such Affiliate’s, legal counsel’s or accountant’s compliance with this “Confidentiality” section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ues.io may disclose the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Order Form to a subcontractor or non-ues.io Application Provider to the extent necessary to perform ues.io’s obligations under this Agreement, under terms of confidentiality materially as protective as set forth herein.

**7.3 Compelled Disclosure.**
The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent compelled by law to do so, provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of the compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing Party is a party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to that Confidential Information.

**8. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND DISCLAIMERS**

**8.1 Representations.**
Each party represents that it has validly entered into this Agreement and has the legal power to do so.

**8.2 ues.io Warranties.**
ues.io warrants that during an applicable subscription term (a) this Agreement, the Order Forms and the Documentation will accurately describe the applicable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of Customer Data, (b) ues.io will not materially decrease the overall security of the Services, (c) the Services will perform materially in accordance with the applicable Documentation, and (d) subject to the “Integration with non-ues.io Applications” section above, ues.io will not materially decrease the overall functionality of the Services. For any breach of a warranty above, Customer’s exclusive remedies are those described in the “Termination” and “Refund or Payment upon Termination” sections below.

**9. DISCLAIMERS.**
Except as expressly provided herein, neither party makes any warranty of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, and each party specifically disclaims all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Content and beta services are provided “as is,” and as available exclusive of any warranty whatsoever.

**10. MUTUAL INDEMNIFICATION**
**10.1 Indemnification by ues.io.**
ues.io will defend Customer against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made or brought against Customer by a third party alleging that any Purchased Service infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (a “Claim Against Customer” ), and will indemnify Customer from any damages, attorney fees and costs finally awarded against Customer as a result of, or for amounts paid by Customer under a settlement approved by ues.io in writing of, a Claim Against Customer, provided Customer (a) promptly gives ues.io written notice of the Claim Against Customer, (b) gives ues.io sole control of the defense and settlement of the Claim Against Customer (except that ues.io may not settle any Claim Against Customer unless it unconditionally releases Customer of all liability), and (c) gives ues.io all reasonable assistance, at ues.io’s expense. If ues.io receives information about an infringement or misappropriation claim related to a Service, ues.io may in its discretion and at no cost to Customer (i) modify the Services so that they are no longer claimed to infringe or misappropriate, without breaching ues.io’s warranties under “ues.io Warranties” above, (ii) obtain a license for Customer’s continued use of that Service in accordance with this Agreement, or (iii) terminate Customer’s subscriptions for that Service upon 30 days’ written notice and refund Customer any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of the terminated subscriptions. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if (1) the allegation does not state with specificity that the Services are the basis of the Claim Against Customer; (2) a Claim Against Customer arises from the use or combination of the Services or any part thereof with software, hardware, data, or processes not provided by ues.io, if the Services or use thereof would not infringe without such combination; (3) a Claim Against Customer arises from Services under an Order Form for which there is no charge; or (4 ) a Claim against Customer arises from Content, a Non-ues.io Application or Customer’s breach of this Agreement, the Documentation or applicable Order Forms.

**10.2 Indemnification by Customer.**
Customer will defend ues.io and its Affiliates against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made or brought against ues.io by a third party alleging (a) that any Customer Data or Customer’s use of Customer Data with the Services, (b) a Non-ues.io Application provided by Customer, or (c) the combination of a Non-ues.io Application provided by Customer and used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights, or arising from Customer’s use of the Services or Content in an unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement, the Documentation, or Order Form (each a “Claim Against ues.io” ), and will indemnify ues.io from any damages, attorney fees and costs finally awarded against ues.io as a result of, or for any amounts paid by ues.io under a settlement approved by Customer in writing of, a Claim Against ues.io, provided ues.io (a) promptly gives Customer written notice of the Claim Against ues.io, (b) gives Customer sole control of the defense and settlement of the Claim Against ues.io (except that Customer may not settle any Claim Against ues.io unless it unconditionally releases ues.io of all liability), and (c) gives Customer all reasonable assistance, at Customer’s expense. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against ues.io arises from ues.io’s breach of this Agreement, the Documentation or applicable Order Forms.

**10.3 Exclusive Remedy.**
This “Mutual Indemnification” section states the indemnifying party’s sole liability to, and the indemnified party’s exclusive remedy against, the other party for any third-party claim described in this section.

**11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

**11.1 Limitation of Liability.**
In no event shall the aggregate liability of each party together with all of its affiliates arising out of or related to this agreement exceed the total amount paid by customer and its affiliates hereunder for the services giving rise to the liability in the twelve months preceding the first incident out of which the liability arose. The foregoing limitation will apply whether an action is in contract or tort and regardless of the theory of liability but will not limit customer's and its affiliates’ payment obligations under the “fees and payment” section above.

**11.2 Exclusion of Consequential and Related Damages.**
In no event will either party or its affiliates have any liability arising out of or related to this agreement for any lost profits, revenues, goodwill, or indirect, special, incidental, consequential, cover, business interruption or punitive damages, whether an action is in contract or tort and regardless of the theory of liability, even if a party or its affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages or if a party’s or its affiliates’ remedy otherwise fails of its essential purpose. The foregoing disclaimer will not apply to the extent prohibited by law.

**12. TERM AND TERMINATION**

**12.1 Term of Agreement.**
This Agreement commences on the date Customer first accepts it and continues until all subscriptions hereunder have expired or have been terminated.

**12.2 Term of Purchased Subscriptions.**
The term of each subscription shall be as specified in the applicable Order Form. Except as otherwise specified in an Order Form, subscriptions will automatically renew for additional periods equal to the expiring subscription term or one year (whichever is shorter), unless either party gives the other written notice (email acceptable) at least 30 days before the end of the relevant subscription term. Except as expressly provided in the applicable Order Form, renewal of promotional or one-time priced subscriptions will be at ues.io’s applicable list price in effect at the time of the applicable renewal. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any renewal in which subscription volume or subscription length for any Services has decreased from the prior term will result in re-pricing at renewal without regard to the prior term’s per-unit pricing.

**12.3 Termination.**
A party may terminate this Agreement for cause (i) upon 30 days written notice to the other party of a material breach if such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such period, or (ii) if the other party becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or assignment for the benefit of creditors.

**12.4 Refund or Payment upon Termination.**
If this Agreement is terminated by Customer in accordance with the “Termination” section above, ues.io will refund Customer any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of all Order Forms after the effective date of termination. If this Agreement is terminated by ues.io in accordance with the “Termination” section above, Customer will pay any unpaid fees covering the remainder of the term of all Order Forms to the extent permitted by applicable law. In no event will termination relieve Customer of its obligation to pay any fees payable to ues.io for the period prior to the effective date of termination.

**12.5 Surviving Provisions.**
The sections titled “Free Services,” “Fees and Payment,” “Proprietary Rights and Licenses,” “Confidentiality,” “Disclaimers,” “Mutual Indemnification,” “Limitation of Liability,” “Refund or Payment upon Termination,” “Removal of Content and Non-ues.io Applications,” “Surviving Provisions” and “General Provisions” will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement, and the section titled “Protection of Customer Data” will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement for so long as ues.io retains possession of Customer Data.

**13. GENERAL PROVISIONS**

**13.1 Anti-Corruption.**
Neither party has received or been offered any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of value from an employee or agent of the other party in connection with this Agreement. Reasonable gifts and entertainment provided in the ordinary course of business do not violate the above restriction.

**13.2 Entire Agreement and Order of Precedence.**
This Agreement is the entire agreement between ues.io and Customer regarding Customer’s use of Services and Content and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter. The parties agree that any term or condition stated in a Customer purchase order or in any other Customer order documentation (excluding Order Forms) is void. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be - (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) this Agreement, and (3) the Documentation. Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of any provision of this Agreement.

**13.3 Relationship of the Parties.**
The parties are independent contractors. This Agreement does not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties. Each party will be solely responsible for payment of all compensation owed to its employees, as well as all employment-related taxes.

**13.4 Third-Party Beneficiaries.**
There are no third-party beneficiaries under this Agreement.

**13.5 Waiver.**
No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under this Agreement will constitute a waiver of that right.

**13.6 Severability.**
If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision will be deemed null and void, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in effect.

**13.7 Assignment.**
Neither party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the other party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld); provided, however, either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety (including all Order Forms), without the other party’s consent to its Affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a party is acquired by, sells substantially all of its assets to, or undergoes a change of control in favor of, a direct competitor of the other party, then such other party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice. In the event of such a termination, ues.io will refund Customer any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of all subscriptions for the period after the effective date of such termination. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and insure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

**14. Contracting Entity, Notices, Governing Law, and Venue.**
ues.io is owned by UESIO GmbH and is the contracting entity. Notices should be addressed to ues.io where the governing law will be Swiss and the venue for any legal proceedings will be performed in the jurisdiction of Zürich city.

**15. Manner of Giving Notice.**
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices related to this Agreement will be in writing and will be effective upon (a) personal delivery, (b) the second business day after mailing, or (c), except for notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim (“Legal Notices”), which shall clearly be identifiable as Legal Notices, or the day of sending by email. Billing-related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer.

**15.1** All other notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant Services system administrator designated by Customer.

**16. Anti-Corruption.**
Neither party has received or been offered any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of value from an employee or agent of the other party in connection with this Agreement. Reasonable gifts and entertainment provided in the ordinary course of business do not violate the above restriction.

**16.1 Code of Conduct and Organization, Management and Control Model.**
Customer acknowledges that ues.io has adopted an Organization, Management and Control Model pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 to prevent crimes provided for therein and commits to comply with the principles contained in the above Legislative Decree 231/2001 and in the ues.io Code of Conduct. Customer also acknowledges and agrees that the violation of the principles and the provisions contained in Legislative Decree 231/2001 and in the ues.io Code of Conduct by Customer may entitle ues.io, based on the severity of the violation, to terminate this Agreement for cause as set out in Section 11.3(i) above.
